you're not making as much as you want
because you probably have sucky
customers. In this video, I'm going to
break down what that really means, why
it matters, and why it's probably
holding you back. And then finally, what
to do about it in terms of how to
actually make the transition. So, let's
talk about what this even means big
picture. I regularly talk to agency
owners, for example, who are selling to
small business owners $1,500 a month of
social media ads, social media
marketing. And what's really interesting
about this type of business is that they
quickly plateau at maybe a million
dollars a year, sometimes $3 million a
year, and they come and they're like,
"What do I need to do to scale?" And the
issue is it's not about what they need
to do to scale, but rather who they need
to sell to in order to scale. But the
reason this is so difficult to
transition away from, it's why it's one
of the seven deadly sins of business, is
that when you have the wrong avatar, the
volatility of your business is based on
the volatility of your customers. For
most small business owners, a $1,500 per
month or $2,000 per month or $2,500 per
month recurring cost is usually too high
for them because as soon as they have a
bad month, they immediately cancel
marketing, which of course is ridiculous
because if you're trying to grow, the
last thing you want to do is cancel
marketing. But there's a reason they are
small business owners. It's because they
make small business owner mistakes. The
thing is, if you try to build a big
business off of small businesses, it's
basically having a terrible foundation.
It's building a castle on a foundation
of sand. As soon as the tide comes out
and pulls the sand away, so too goes the
castle. When I talk to these types of
businesses, whether it's an agency or
whatever, the point is that they
ultimately have to switch who they sell
to so that they can sell to less
volatile customers. And one of the
easiest limit tests to think about this
for whatever industry you're in is to
think about what is the ultimate version
of this business look like? Are the
people who have the biggest agencies in
the world, for example, are they selling
to small business owners? The answer is
no. Think about it. The biggest agencies
in the world, Oglev and Mathers, you got
Vayner Media, you got NP Digital, some
of the big, you know, multiple hundred
million dollar per year agencies that
exist out there, those businesses almost
exclusively sell to Fortune 100, Fortune
500, sometimes mid-market businesses.
Because anybody who sells to really
small businesses ultimately realizes,
man, these guys need way more help than
just getting leads. They don't know how
to work leads. They don't know how to
sell. They don't know how to price. And
then all of a sudden, you have to start
building their business for them. But
the problem is that you need to build
your business right now and you're
building it on the wrong customer base.
The reason this is one of the seven
deadly sins is that there's usually an
apparent conflict. Meaning, you can't
just immediately switch because what
happens is, oh my god, if I switch, then
I'm going to stop selling customer. If I
stop selling customers, stop making
money. If I stop making money, I'm going
to lose my business. But I also need to
switch who I'm selling to or I'm never
going to grow. You're in a rock in a
hard place, which is why the seven
deadly sins of business are so hard to
break through or break free of. The main
meat of this is that you have
misalignment between your maximum
potential product or service value and
customers ability to realize and pay for
that value. You can ultimately provide
more value to a different customer than
you can to a bad customer. But as a
result of only selling to bad customers,
you have to translate that into a lower
quality or lower price service. becomes
this very vicious cycle of you wanting
to lower your price and then not being
able to deliver as much service but they
need more service but they can't afford
more service and around and around you
go. Everything that I'm describing right
now actually falls under a term that
happens in business which is called
structural
churn. Structural churn is the
percentage of customers that leave every
month not because they hate you but
because of something else that happens
that's core to their business. So, I
remember I had a friend of mine who had
a CRM in the gym space. And I asked him,
I said, "Oh, I imagine that you're, you
know, you probably keep 90 100% of
customers every single year because
you're a CRM? Like, no one's going to
try and leave that." He said, "No, you'd
actually be pretty surprised." And I was
like, "Okay, well, what's churn?" And he
said, "Three%." I was like, "Oh, per
year? That's not bad." He's like, "No,
per month." I was like, "3% a month?"
And he said, "Yeah, the biggest reason
is that gyms just go out of business."
And I was like, "Oh, so what do you do
when 30% of all the customers you have
go out of business every year? What do
you do? like is there anything you can
do to change that level of turn? The
answer is no. They go out of business.
There's nothing you can do. That is
structural term. Your business at best
in the hypothetical maximum case
scenario when you're selling to small
businesses in that example could only
get to at best 70% of customers retained
year-over-year. Now, is there a version
of this business that sells to a better
version of the customer? Yes, of course
there is. Which is step two. Now, if
you're being an enterprising mofo and
listening to this and thinking, well,
there definitely are big businesses that
smell to sell to small customers. There
are, but they're typically not hight
touch service businesses, which what the
vast majority of people do. It's very
much like a barbell for most businesses.
On one extreme, you have custom, and
custom should only be sold to high-end
customers. These are people who can
afford it, who have good businesses, who
are good for their word. when they say
they're going to pay for 12 months, they
actually pay for 12 months because they
have assets and they know what they're
doing. On the other extreme, you have
your very small businesses. You have
VSMBBS and SMBs. So, small business
owners and very small business owner or
proumers, if you will. When you have
these types of customers, what do you
do? You certainly don't offer custom.
You offer templated solutions. You offer
DIY solutions. You offer things that
they can go at their own pace because
fundamentally they cannot afford the
amount of help that they need. That's
why a lot of businesses fail and that's
also not your responsibility. It is your
responsibility to make your business
succeed. Making sure that we're picking
the right customer to maximize the
likelihood of success is part of
strategy. The middle is certainly where
people go to die. This is where they go
kind of
mid-pric and they sell to small
customers. And the reality is this is
that these small customers, you can sell
on mid-pric. It's not hard to sell them.
The issue is it's hard to keep them. If
you are dealing with short customer
lifespans, people are staying on average
three or four months. You have excessive
support, so they're demanding a ton from
you. They have other requirements
besides your core service that they came
in on. They have price resistance and
they constantly are trying to ask for
discounts or like, "Hey, can I take off
this month or can I have half price this
month? This is a tough month for me. Can
you extend the terms of payment?" Any of
those types of things. Number four, if
they are dissatisfied despite you going
above and beyond kind of a reasonable
level of service based on the
expectations that you set. Now, if you
set crazy expectations, then you got to
deliver like crazy. But if you set
appropriate expectations and they still
are to satisfy despite you going above
and beyond, that's a red flag. The fifth
red flag is overpromising just to get
people to buy. This is why this is a
vicious cycle where they're like, "You
have to be able to build my whole
business for me and maybe I'll pay you
$1,000." It's just ridiculous. Only an
experienced business owner is going to
know. Of course, they're not going to do
that. I'm an experienced business owner.
They're going to go run their business.
I'm going to run my business. But a
small business owner just thinks that
because this thousands means a ton to
them. It should mean a ton to you.
There's a disparity there between their
expectations and sometimes it doesn't
even matter what you say just because
the amount of money means so much to
them that you will ultimately have a
dissatisfied customer no matter what
because to them that $1,000 might be 50%
of the cash they have. If someone said,
"Hey, I will help you for 50% of the
cash you Imagine the expectation that
person might have. Probably a lot, no
matter what you say. And then finally,
number six is that selling people you
know will suck. This is the red flag.
And you do that just to deliver and
ultimately pay the bills. It's a bad way
to sell. To recap on paper, what we just
went over was the what. All right, these
are all kind of the symptoms and the
flags that happen when you're selling to
the wrong customer. So, we've gone over
the what, like what is this problem? So
the second is going to be why it
matters. So there's three kind of forces
in acquisition. You've got LTV, right?
Lifetime value per customer. It's
basically what's the gross profit you're
going to collect off a customer over
their lifespan. You've got CAC, which is
how much it costs you to make that
amount of money, what you got to spend
to get it. And then this happens within
the context of payback period, which is
how quickly can you recover the cash
that you spent before you can make that
money. Because this is going to
ultimately be the cash flow constraint
of the business. As much as these are
the two things that matter on paper,
which is, you know, what does it cost
you to make the money that you're going
to make, time is obviously a huge
component of business, because cash flow
happens over a period of time. All three
of these things, number one, number two,
and number three, payback period, are
all negatively impacted when you have
the wrong customer. Because from an LTV
perspective, you're going to have
operational strain. You're going to have
to increase your cost basis to deliver
for these customers because they cost so
much. And on top of that, you're going
to have price compression because
there's always going to be someone who's
willing to serve this customer for
cheaper who knows less about business
than you. You're always going to have
people. They're going to be price
comparing you. They're going to say,
"Hey, this guy down the street can do it
for less." And because they're
unsophisticated, they might go to that
person even though that person might
have terrible delivery. And they're just
going to put all of their crazy
expectations on this other person. You
have costs that go up because they're
super demanding. Price pressure on the
way down, which leaves very little here.
But on top of that, your team morale
typically continues to suffer because
the team gets burned out from this
revolving door of customers where they
never feel like they can really make an
impact because they feel like all
they're doing is onboarding and
offboarding, onboarding and offboarding
and onboarding at the beginning with
people have way too many expectations
and offboarding at the end when the
people are very upset and all they feel
like they are is just lots of customer
service, lots of fires. Here's the real
real that people don't talk about which
is that you also have the opportunity
cost here which is what could you
achieve with the right customers, right?
like what could this look like if you
had the best customers which I'll talk
about in a second. So we have morale, we
have ops that hits in terms of cost and
then we have price. But on top of that,
this is where it gets even more now.
You're like, I thought that was enough
reasons to not do it. Let me give you
another one is that your reputation is
going to suffer because in the beginning
you're going to be able to sell
customers because you're promising more
than anybody else does and you're doing
it as a reasonable price. And so you'll
have a lot of flock of customers in the
beginning. But what's going to happen?
One is the first people you're going to
sell are people who know you, who might
try a little bit harder. But as soon as
you get into the mass market based on
the results you get for these first
customers, all of a sudden these colder
customers don't trust you as much.
They're far more fickle. And they will
then trash your reputation because you
didn't save their business because what
they're really looking for is a savior.
And I promise you, you never want to
sell to somebody who wants you to be
their savior. Only you can save
yourself. And that goes for them, too.
What you'll know from a red flag
perspective is that your cost to acquire
customers will continue to rise
disproportionately from the cost of CPMs
going up, meaning the cost per thousand
eyeballs. If the ad platforms haven't
doubled their rates for CPMs, which they
typically don't over any kind of period
of time, that's like a year or two, and
your cost to acquire customers have
doubled, then usually you have this
invisible hand that's working against
you. Many people believe in the power of
word of mouth, but some reason people
don't believe in the power of word of
mouth when it comes to negative. Of
course, word of mouth affects you
negative. It actually is usually five or
10 times more potent on the negative
side because negative news spreads far
faster. People tell far more people
about their bad experiences than their
good ones. If your costs continue to
rise in terms of getting customers, your
margins continue to compress. It's
because of this effect that bad
customers have on your business. But
wait, there's more. Not only is our LTV
suck and it's a miserable existence to
have. We have price pressure,
operational pressure, team morale sucks,
our reputation takes a hit. Cost to
acquire customers continue to rise over
time. Also, our payback period increases
because you're making less per customer
on LTV in terms of gross profit and it's
costing you more to get them. That means
that extends out how long it takes you
to recover the cost of getting the
customer to get the next one. something
called your cash conversion cycle. How
quickly you can return the cash to the
business so you can continue to expand
increases in in duration. Meaning it
takes way longer to get that money back
and all of a sudden it's even harder to
scale which means growth gets limited.
Your business stops scaling. So quick
recap, we talked about what this problem
is and what it looks like. We talked
about why it matters and why it's going
to impact the actual dollars and cents
of the business. So, if you're listening
along, you're like, "Okay, I feel like
Alex is telling me my life story right
now." And if this sounds so familiar to
you, I do not say this from a pulpit. I
say this as somebody who has been
through it and I know these pains so
personally because I did it and I made
this mistake. So, just please don't do
this. But when you are like, "Okay, this
is me. The doctor's reading my symptoms.
What's the cure? What's the solution?"
Well, let's get into it. So if any of
this sounded very familiar to you, what
I was describing is some of the problems
that happen around stage four, which is
prioritize. So this is where you first
have kind of like your first team. You
operate as a manager. Typically, you
have maybe five to 10 employees,
sometimes contractors who are helping
you out. And if you're looking at this,
it's like what are the constraints here?
It's like you're getting too many
unqualified leads. So you have to make
better free stuff and more creative to
book volume. You have to add
qualifications and friction. So the
extra volume becomes self- selective,
right? This is the whole like we have to
say no to people. We have to specialize
our product and we have to price to
serve this now new niche down avatar.
Now, when we say niche down, it could be
niched up to be clear. I'm just saying
we're being narrower about the customer.
But if any of these things sound
familiar and you'd like to know, man, I
wonder what other problems I'm going to
be dealing with in the business. This is
from the $und00 million scaling road
map, which my team and I spent so many
hours putting together because when we
looked at businesses as they scale,
there's clear problems and clear
solutions at every stage of scaling. And
so if you want to know what stage you're
at and obviously what to do next, you
can go
acquisition.com/roadmap and you get this
whole thing for free. Just enter your
business information. You'll spit it
out. If you want my team to help you
figure out what basically take this and
then get really narrow on your industry,
where you're at right now in the
business, I'd love to invite you out to
one of our workshops. We hold them
monthly at our headquarters here in
Vegas. On the thank you page, you can
book a call. We'd love to help you out.
It's honestly like it it's very very
fulfilling for me. And ultimately, us
continuing to deal with businesses is
how I continue to make this content
interesting because I can see the
problems that people are dealing with on
a regular basis. So, that being said,
get your free thing, book call on the
next page, and otherwise, let's enjoy
the rest of the video. How to fix it.
Okay, the first part about fixing it is
realizing why this is so hard to begin
with. Emotionally, it's so difficult
because you're in this rock in a hard
place because you do have bills, you do
have payroll, and you probably expanded
your team because you learned how to
market and sell, but these customers
suck. you had to get more and more
headcount to support all these
customers. But now that you have this
headcount, you have to keep selling
every single month or you're going to
quote lose your business or you're going
to have to lay people off, which is
going to suck and it's be a hard
decision for you. But the other
situation is that you stay in this very
m miserable land where your margins
continue to compress and continue to be
volatile over time until eventually
there's nothing left in the business and
ultimately you've kind of driven
yourself out of business. I would
encourage you to not get to that point
and if you are at that point then now is
the time to act which is that you have
to pick a better customer. The reason
you want to pick a better customer is
that all of the things that were
negative before over here get reversed.
So your LTV is going to go up. Your CAC
might also go up, but your LTV to CAC
ratio will ultimately go down. You start
to have a better reputation because you
only go up market. Oh, that guy only
serves legit people. Oh, all of a sudden
you start associating with these bigger
businesses because you're also become a
bigger business. Your team and your
morale is going to improve because they
also are dealing with more legitimate
business owners or legitimate customers.
And then on top of that, these people
can pay their bills and they stick with
their commitments. you're gonna have
better cash flow that's going to get
freed up. What's very interesting about
this is that you can often make more
money taking your service that was once
$500 of cost to you and making $1,000 of
cost to you, but selling something for
three or four times as expensive. And
that happens all the time. Rather than
trying to drive like, okay, you know,
$500 and we're going to charge a,000.
It's like, no, man, maybe it cost you
a,000, but charge 10 or charge seven.
you're going to make way more money both
absolute and relatively by selling to a
customer who can afford that because
they're going to actually be able to get
the value because fundamentally the
whole point of business is to think
about what customer can I provide the
absolute most value to. That's the
person you sell to. That is how you make
an exceptional business. I'll just give
you the quick hitter list of the of kind
of the pains that you're going through
and then we'll talk about the solution.
One is you're going to have the
emotional pain of overhiring and you're
going to have to deal with that. Number
two is you're going to have the
uncertainty of whether this path is
going to work to make this transition
but you know your current one is only
getting you worse and worse. So read the
writing on the wall. Number three is
that you have some sort of emotional
attachment to your level of revenue
today. You know, I don't want to go from
$200,000 a month back to $100,000 a
month or I I don't want to go from
$50,000 a month back to $20,000 a month
or whatever your revenue is. Add or
subtract to your zeros as possible. It
happens at any level. You have this ego
attachment to this level, but it means
nothing. Would you rather get to your
goal in five years or would you rather
get to your goal never? Sometimes the
fastest way to build a $10 million
business is not the fastest way to build
a $1 million business. Because of that,
you have to build a different foundation
upon which to build your building. If
you look at every great entrepreneur,
they've been willing to go backwards. So
sometimes you reach something called a
local maximum. You climb this hill here
and you're like, why can't I go any
further than this? Sometimes you have to
go down in order to go back up. You have
these local maxes where you think you've
climbed the mountain, but then the
clouds disappear and then you realize
because you see the world more clearly.
Oh my god, this is actually the top, but
I don't want to go from 100K down to
50K. I don't want to do that because it
would hurt my ego. Well, a lot of
entrepreneurship is the ego death of
realizing that you will inevitably get
things wrong more times than you get
them right. But the thing that keeps you
down is never being willing to admit
that. Because here's the thing that no
one tells you is that if you don't
change, you're going to get to 50K no
matter what. Anyways, so you might as
well do it on your own and actually do
it in a purposeful way so you can get to
where you're trying to go. Because the
business is just going to compress over
time anyways. One of my big kind of
rules in life is that if I know
something has to happen eventually, I
might as well do it today. It's one of
my big rules because like I maybe it's
my own like agency ego or whatever. It's
like if I'm if anybody's going to
destroy my business, it's going to be
me, right? It's like I want to put me
out of business. You probably heard this
before. You want to put yourself out of
business. I don't want the world to put
me out of business. I don't want the
market to put me out of business. I want
to read the writing on the wall before
it happens. I want to skate to where the
puck's going, not where the puck is. So,
what are you going to do about
it? So, this is super tactical, but this
is actually how you fix this. So, number
one is you're going to conduct a
customer profitability analysis. So, the
way it works is this. You look at all
the customers that you've had to date.
You probably have some customers that
you actually like and that you actually
have gotten good good results for. Now
what you want to look at here is
demographics. So this is who are these
people? What do they come in like? What
do they look like, right? Like what do
they look like? How do they behave? What
are their psychographics? The next is
what are they doing currently? So do
they have certain headcount? Do they
have certain revenue levels? Is there
anything else that we can say that has
nothing to do with their demographics
but everything to do with their
behaviors? And then finally you have
done, right? which is what actions did
they take as a result of entering my
business that are different than the
results of the people who didn't take
those actions. Said differently, if
we've got lots of customers that we've
been selling, maybe there's a certain
revenue level, maybe there's a certain
amount of weight they have to lose,
maybe there's certain, you know,
emotional problem that they're dealing
with. It's like, you know, I did really
well with female divorce over 45. Fine,
whatever it is, and they are making over
x, y, and z. And when they entered my
business, they immediately got on their
first call and started a crash diet in
the first seven days. I'm making this
up. The point is is that we have who
they are, what they're doing when
they're coming in, and then what they
did as a result of our product or
service in order to maximize value.
These are the steps here. So, we do this
to try and say, "Oh, you know what? What
is the 8020 of my business? If I could
cut and only clone one specific type of
customer, what would they be?" Now, you
might hear this and be like, "Yeah,
that's convenient, but I have to pay
bills." I'm telling you, sometimes you
have to walk down the mountain to walk
it back up. Because here's the crazy
part. the amount of times I'll talk to a
business owner and they're like, "You
know what? I I I would service these
customers except they just don't pay
enough." Then you can just say, "Guess
who gets to pick what your prices are?"
You do. If there's a price where it's
worth it to you, charge that. And if
someone doesn't want to pay it, fine.
It's capitalism. It's volunteer
exchange. So once we know who they are,
what they're doing when they're coming
in, and then what they have done in
order to be successful, we then redefine
our new customer profile. Some people
call this an ICP, which is an ideal
customer profile. Some people call it
your customer avatar. I don't really
care what you call it. It's the person
you want to be selling. Once we have
this new ICP, this ideal customer
profile, we now have to basically do
everything top to bottom and realign the
business in positioning and messaging.
So, what that means is your offer has to
match that type of customer. Your
headlines have to match that type of
customer. The testimonials you show
should be those types of customers. The
onboarding experience should be for
those types of customers. Your sales
team should not be allowed to sell
people who are not this type of
customer. You have to be willing to say
no to small money today to make big
money tomorrow. That means that you have
to implement some sort of qualification
process. Yes, you have to say no to
customers. Do you think you can go to
Olga and Mathers, one of the biggest
marketing agencies in the world, if
you're a local dry cleaner? No, you
can't. They won't take you. They won't
accept you as a customer. One of the
telltale signs of a small business that
they suck is they say yes to everyone.
you didn't know any better. Continue to
grow this business where you do
everything for everyone and then you're
surprised about the fact that your
margins suck and it's very hard to
operationalize this business and you
have a hundred other problems that you
think exist when the reality is that you
just haven't decided who you're going to
serve. You're like, "Okay, I get it,
Alex. I'm going to go do this customer
research report and figure out who are
the people who are the best customers.
I'm going to say these are my new
customers from here on out. I'm going to
match all my messaging and my funnels,
my offers, my price points. key point
because if you only sold to that top
20%, what would your new price be?
Probably way higher. Why? Because you
can provide more value to those people.
So you instead of having this lukewarm
price where it's like cheap for the good
customers and and expensive for the bad
ones, just make it appropriately priced
for the people who are going to get the
most value. And then make sure that you
only sell to those people. That's the
qualification. Once you have this, what
do you do to get from where you're at
now on this little peak here to over
here? All right. to the top of our
little mountain. Well, you have to
transition. All right, you have to
transition away from the elf customers.
Now, what that's going to mean is that
you're going to number five, stop
selling brokies. And that may mean that
you have to put a cap in the short term,
which is like we could only sell 30% of
customers below this amount. Maybe each
sales guy gets a quota of like gimmies
they're able to sell in order to hit
whatever your monthly cash flow is. If
you make this transition correctly, the
people who are paying more and are
better customers will be more
profitable. they will stay longer. And
then you'll be able to basically do one
of these. You're going to decrease the
percentage of the pie that's these bad
customers. Increase the percentage of
the of the pie that's the 20% and then
over time the 20% becomes the 80%. And
then at some point, and you'll know that
point because you're going to be so
happy to do it, you're going to stop
selling that negative percentage of
customers altogether. And once that
happens, you will have transitioned from
your very painful business and maybe
have taken a half step back in terms of
revenue because you have to tighten the
ship up. Now, this may mean that you
might have to lay off some people. And
as terrible as it is, it's reality.
Here's a very tough line, which is you
made a mistake and you should get fired
as CEO or founder from your business,
but you can't get fired. And so, it
means that someone else is ultimately
going to have to pay the burden. You
have to take this. What you will have is
you'll start to have a healthier respect
for hiring people because it shakes
their lives. They change, you know,
cities sometimes. They change prof, you
know, professions. They go for periods
of time where they're unemployed. if you
have to make this mistake. And so you
become far more respectful of the
process. But in the beginning, you don't
know anything. So you just hire all your
friends and your family. You just say,
"Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. We're
scaling like crazy." But you don't know
what you're doing. So you're going to
quickly hit this wall and you're going
to quickly realize that you built a
terrible business. But you can either
just say you're going to stay there
because you're unwilling to have this
uncomfortable conversation or what I
would recommend doing, give them a
little bit of severance. All right? So
give them some money saying, "Hey, I
messed this up. So instead of me taking
money out this month, I'm going to give
you some money so you can have two weeks
or four weeks or whatever it is. If
you're smaller, I understand that that's
a lot. The bigger the biggest the
business is, typically the the longer
that severance experience will be that
that you're able to pay. That also saves
your reputation from a business owner
perspective, which yes, that matters.
But when you make those changes, you
just have to take absolute
responsibility. I've been through, you
know, this process many times with
companies, and you just have to be like,
I up. It's on me. I feel horrible. this
blows, but there's nothing else that I
can do because ultimately I have to keep
the ship afloat so that maybe in six
months or 12 months, maybe I can rehire
you. And I've had so many times where
we've had I would say what a friendly
exit where when I reach out to that
person and when we do have that
opportunity again because we fixed
whatever the core problem is, a lot of
them are willing to come back. If you
kind of leave the door open rather than
slamming it shut, you'll also maintain
better long-term relationships. those
people are willing to do some contract
work for you on the side and then maybe
long term. And the thing is is like
guys, especially if you're getting into
business, business is long. Life is
long. I have people who, you know,
worked for me many, many years ago and
then they come back many years later.
They go through a whole another chapter
and then they come back with a whole
bunch of new skills, which is great. But
the thing is, if you slam the door in
their face, you never get the
opportunity again. I would rather always
leave with and especially if it's
something that's involuntary. It's in
like they didn't do anything wrong, you
did something wrong, and that result of
your mistake is that they have to get
let go. And if if you're like, I just
can't do that. Well, then you are
ultimately choosing to doom everyone.
Unlike the Hollywood movies where like
you can save everyone, that's not the
real world. The real world is like
sometimes when you play chess, you have
to sacrifice pawns. There's not a single
chess master that I know of who has ever
won a game without losing any at the
highest levels. It just doesn't happen.
It doesn't work. You have to be able to
pivot and make mistakes. Otherwise, you
lose the whole game and then everyone
loses their job, including you. You want
to have a shot at tomorrow. Sometimes
you have to make the hard decisions
today. So when you make this transition
correctly, what will happen is you will
begin to grow again and you will be able
to grow because you will have more cash
flow because you are serving better
customers and the main point is that
they will continue to stay. At this
point, if you've got this area where
you're selling these bad customers, you
know how to market, you know how to sell
at a basic level. You know how to get
people in the door. The problem is that
your business is capped because you have
more people leaving than you have coming
in. But if all of a sudden your amount
of people who leave goes to zero or goes
to very very small numbers, you grow
pretty much no matter what. That's
ultimately what you want to solve for is
how do I sell something that people
don't want to cancel out of? And
sometimes the way that you do that is
you change who you're selling